futuristic role playing survival game. 

post apocalyptic world(war, delusional soldiers, scavenger, bio engineered mutant animals, AI/Killer robots, wild animals/flora, abandoned building, technology, vehicles, and militery equiptment) 

world lore
	War has happened, everyone unfortunate to still be alive is either fighting to survive, lost their minds, or thriving off the backs of others.

	there is many threats within the world such as rogue AIs designed to "End suffering" or Eradicate the the land for a forieng state even though there is no more war 
	and will use everything at their disposal including bio weapons and killer hunter robots. 
	make sure not to be hunted yourself or get caught in a crossfire if you get viewed as a threat or not worther to stand on the soil where your first breaths were made.

	mutated and wild creatures or savage survivors roam the world looking for their next meal and are more than willing to hunt, swarm and track you down.

	REAP Royal Empirical Autocracy Province was a prewar nation who only had one desire of world domenation. the nation was comprised of one family who viewed 
	themself as better and above all worth more than anyone who lived within they nation. 

	Supernatural Religion:
		Planning. Needs to behinds the scenes. something has came into being at the war time either through an experiment gone wrong or from the shier devistation that gained access to another world or rielm of existance, 
		This makes mutated wild life gather togeather, people chant in secret.
		this thing gave the phykers thier abilities as this started to fester in thier blood stream.
		it wasn't always but will now forever be appart of this world regardless if it is for good or bad.
		(maybe don't have this as something people can solve. this needs to be evendently something but something no one knows. have the mystery as the intrege

enemies:
each enemy will be attracted either by your presence or what's in the surroundings, such as death and rotting corpses, where players or survivors have been spotted, scrap and loot
they will not take cover but keep distance unless you have a gun then they will take cover. 
world:
	environmental dangers:
		biohazard chemicals:
		weaponized flora:
		Flooding:
	Day Night Cycle:

player character classes:
	Health system:
		Bloody Death:
	
	perks:
	character progression:
		attributes:
			Agility:
				Sprint distance
			Perception:
				Aiming
			Endurance:
				health amount
			intellegence:
				sub attributes:
					Engineering:
					Crafting:
					Hacking:
					perdicting enemy movements

			Luck:
				loot gathering
				enemy weopon malfunction
				really unfortunate events that act in your favour.
			

Non Play Characters:
	Aggresion system:
		if gun pointed at will threaten to retaliate, open fire, flee, or drop items and flee.
		can be detemined by npc aggression/inteligence level
	loot: 
		if encounted dead body will search for loot and if anything it wants
	Health system:
		Bloody Death:
			
	Non player faction: 
		Scabs: 
			a non loyal charecter/s that can be found in groups or on their own and morelikely to shoot a 
			fellow scab just to try out a newly found or crafted weopon or acidentaly shoot themselve.
			drops: 
			attracted by: technology scrap, junk scrap, food/water, and secure and defendable areas
Items: 
		Mods:
			DashDrive: Allows player to suddenly jump to a cetain location
			PulseVision: Allows the player to see sounds generated as pulses that travel around the world
				can be caused by foot steps, objects being thrown, projectile and gunshot, and or grenades.
			DragonBurst: Creates an inferno around the player allowing when encountering multiple enemies. when used with 
				pace it can create a constant burn that anyone will take damage over time around the player.

		Guns:
			Types:
				Energy Requires Energy Ammo
			Shoot Mechanic: 
			cursor aim and clock:
				Bullets will not be detectable or monitor until in position of where mouse clicked.
				could have elemental damage.
			Scab gun:
				do not use or risk offchance that you end up shooting yourself by a missfire or the gun
				blowing up in you face.
		Crab Bots: 
			Robots that run can run at people run at people, stun them, (Absolutly considure this) steam from (maybe), Disarm traps with them.
			Can be determined by engineerings 
			gun crab: 
				Shoots charactors
			stun crab: 
				Stuns Charactors
			Scavenger crab:
				finds shit or useful shit
		Health & Stims Items:
			Bandages: 
				stops bleeding
			needle and thread:
			Nano bot sringe:
					heals all
				Pace:
					Adds a glitch affect to player when moving adding red green and blue pixels to last pixels, ability time becomes 0, health is decreased by 90% and 
					recieves 30% back after ware off. with +5% movement speed. Duration limet to 10 seconds.	
			Food:
				Human meat:
				Mutantated animal meat:
				Plants:
		

eco system(maybe):
	Wildlife:
		

Factions:

	Human:
		Scabs:
			Idiots with lower tier weopons self exploding guns

		Scavs:
			Scavenges, Find Junk, Try to salvage what they can

		Raiders:
			They want what you have and won't ask nicely

		Huskers:
			Lost every bit of humanity they once had, they only care about survival and nothing else only see other
			factions or pretty much anything edible as an meal. can group but can be very fickle towards eachother.

		Unamed:
			Generic group just looking to survive

		Splicers:
			Self genetically modified, can coinhabit with mutants as thier underlings

		TechnoFreaks:
			Highly skilled with technology, use it to enhance themselves as well as to build high grade robots
		
		Phykers:
			Predict where motives, start cults

		Enforces:
			Prewar Pristine group looking to claim the worldiness as thier own. Authoriterian. See others as weaker
			and prepared to kill with prejudice and clense the world or the filth that remains.

	Cybernetic:
		NESIS
			NESIS (New Eden Service Inteligents Systems). Serving to add prosperity to humanity and bring 
			comfert and luxery.
			after the start of the war, the AI started by its first malfunction of poisoning foods and drinks
			of the population with a 
			highly fatel dose of (Choose a poise) to lessen the suffering that would incur from the
			resolting confilct. after the war the AI decide started to create robots thats goal was to cleanse
			Humanity of it's suffering.

		REAP-ERS:
			Royal Empirical Autocracy Province - Eradication Repurpose Systems.
			AI from a war long ago Designed to destroy and eradicate all who are not entiled to live in the homelands.
			created by the forieng nation of the Royal Empirical Autocracy Province that see the homelands as thier own.  

				
 
survival strategy:
	either outwitting by using stealth and traps or gun blazing, predictability is your enemy, set traps, destroy overlords to disorganise enemies

pre war tech:


difficulty:
	Overall Difficulty:
		You utter nutcase:
		Hard:
		Meduim:
		Easy:
			These will be developer prefered as recomended by the player but custom settings can be set by player.

save: psychic foresight
	Psyker mode: ability to save and take different paths
	
respawn: Nanites
	Immortal tech god: recharging nanites (easy)
	enhanced cybernetics: nanites need recharging before respawn (medium)
	Mortal: permadeath (Hardcore)

world difficulty:
	change Enviroment, balance, Enemy Attributes, resource amount, eniviromental hazards.
Quests:
	Scab Machine Revolt: machines question why they were created with such inflictions.




coding/Design Notes:
	BreadCrum needs to be 150 > 200 pixels close to each other unless seperated from each other through wall or physical object not two of these can be heading the same direction within this distance.

	Path goto selected node chosen by action which the point that the path the enity is on can find the closest one
	Code the least amount of breadcrums to find disired node.

	Areas will be calculated when player is not within them all models within this area will not exist but saved and recalulated depending how long player or far the player is from the location
	the amount of time will add a multiplier to what has changed. the area will have wieghting which will use what resources and favourability toward which factions are there. high tech yield will
	be more favourable towards cybenectic factions or TechnoFreaks, more competing factions will lead to decay and biological groth which will intern add more wild life and dangerous creatures.
	the caluculations need to not wipe out factions and keep the a viereition of factions and wild life. each think that happens should be determined by a dice roll.
	weightings can including reputation between factions, biologic factors, resources, 